Grim Mouse
A point-and-click interface for Grim Fandango 
Version 0.1

--------------
What is this ?
--------------
Grim Mouse allows to play 'Grim Fandango' like a point-and-click adventure, 
instead of the original tank-style keyboard controls.
The mod is based on the ResidualVM game engine, which means it will also run on
Mac and Linux, not only on Windows as the original game.

* Important note *
Please note that as the game was never meant to be played using the mouse,
Grim Mouse heavily modifies both the game source code and the surrounding
VM-- Neither LucasArts nor the ResidualVM team will provide support for this
mod. See below for information on how to report bugs.

-------------
Current state
-------------
This mod is a very early alpha, and has not been well tested yet. You are
very likely to run into bugs, which may prevent you from finishing the game --
so save often and play at your own risk.

------------------
Running Grim Mouse
------------------
Please read the original documentation of ResidualVM (README.ResidualVM or
http://residualvm.org) on how to install the VM and set up Grim Fandango.
In addition, you must copy the file mouse.lab from dists/engine-data
into your game data folder (where data000.lab etc. are located).

Most of the keyboard controls still work in the original manner;
while the game should be playable 100% using the mouse only, if there are
some puzzles which you prefer to solve using the old interface, you can do so.

* New controls *
Left-click   : Walk and use 
               If you left-click on an object, it is used. If Manny
               is holding an inventory object, it is used on the scene object.
Double-click : Run and use
               Same as single-click, except Manny will run to the object.
Right-click  : Look at / Use inventory object on its own
			   Same as left-click, except Manny will look at an object instead
			   of using it. If Manny is holding an inventory object, right-click
			   will use it on its own (e.g. deck of cards, or fire extinguisher
			   in Beaver Dam)
Middle-click : Open Inventory
(or I key)	   If Manny is holding an object, he will put it away.
			   Left-click within the inventory selects an object, right-click
			   will make Manny look at it.
Space key    : Show all hotspots in the scene

* Useful old controls *
Alt+Enter    : Toggle fullscreen mode
Arrow keys   : Control Manny the old fashioned way
E,U,P,I      : Examine, Use, Pickup, Inventory
F1           : Menu (use arrow keys to navigate)
Escape       : Skip some cutscenes
.            : Skip dialogue lines

---------------
Troubleshooting
---------------
Bugs are to be expected. Please report your bugs in the github issue tracker
https://github.com/tobiaspfaff/grim_mouse/issues (preferred)
or by email (verticalduck (at) gmail.com) if you don't have a github account.

If you are stuck due to a bug and want to continue playing the game, you can try
using the old controls to manouver out of broken boxes, or activating the 
developer mode with Shift+Z and teleport into an adjacent scene etc. (Check 
README.ResidualVM for the developer mode shortcuts)
